[gunfire]
[Tito] Damn it! What the hell's going on?
[boy 1] Just kill him already!
[boy 2] I'm killing him, but he won't die!
[boy 3] There's only one of him!
He's the monster everyone's talking about!
[boy 4] That government scum is
sending in monsters!
-[boy 1] Stop screwing around!
-[boy 2] Aim for his head!
[grunts]
[Tito yelling]
Go! Kill him!
[Tito] He's mine!
[all yelling]
[grunts]
[screams]
[whimpering]
[sergeant] Hey.
Get back out there.
He's a soldier of God! God's--
[screams]
[sergeant] I said, get back out there!
[panting]
[yelling]
Some soldier of God.
Take that! And that.
I killed God!
[gasping]
[Tito whimpering]
[Tito gasps]
[helicopter whirring]
Go, go, go!
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say the night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage to hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold your breath? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run a way
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
WHAT'S THAT STUFF HAVE TO DO WITH US?
[alarm beeping, then stops]
[door opens]
[birds chirping]
UNIVERSITY EXAM PREPARATION
[water running and dishes clanking]
[mother] Saturday is the standardized
practice exam, right? How's it going?
[Kei] Yeah, it'll be fine.
So, I can count on you to do well again?
Yeah, it'll be fine.
Thanks for breakfast.
I'm off.
[door opens and closes]
[sighs]
[Watanabe] Hey, Nagai, cramming so early
in the morning?
Well, I need to make the most of my time.
That's an aspiring doctor for you.
We can't all score in the top ten
of the med school exams.
[Kei]
God, why do I have to listen to this?
I'm just working hard to become
an upstanding member of society.
Kai.
[Watanabe] Friend of yours?
No way. He's a freak.
[Watanabe] A freak, huh?
Maybe he's one of those "Ajins."
[Ota]
He sure seems like a different species.
[Kei] That kind of thing has nothing
to do with us.
[man] Turn to Page 247 in your textbooks,
on the discovery of Ajins.
This won't really appear on the exams...
-[Kei] In other words, safe to ignore.
-[man] Just something you should know.
As you all know,
Ajins are immortal beings.
We're told that they'll never die.
Although we're not sure
if that's absolutely true.
We've also heard reports
that they "emit a peculiar voice."
That's all the information
that's been released to the public.
[Watanabe whispers]
I've heard this is an Ajin experiment.
[Nakajima] What?
It's probably a fake.
The first confirmation of the Ajins'
existence was 17 years ago in Africa.
That's about the same year
you were all born.
He was an immortal soldier called
a "Soldier of God" by the locals.
After its capture by the U.S. Army,
it was proven to be true.
There were attempts to cover it up,
but it was simply too big
to be able to hide.
There are currently 46 confirmed Ajins
around the world and two in Japan.
But there are probably others
that haven't been discovered yet.
After all, there's no way of knowing
unless they die.
There's even a possibility
that there's an Ajin in this very room.
Yes, Watanabe.
[Watanabe] I heard that you get
a massive bounty if you capture an Ajin.
[man] The bounty may be just a rumor,
but there's probably some kind of reward.
For example, asserting ownership
over your prey.
Prey?
[man]
Nagai, did you have something to add?
[Kei] No, nothing...
[man] You have a question, don't you?
So, Ajins aren't human?
Huh.
Of course not.
[Kei] Of course. Ha, ha, ha.
[man] Anyway, turning to the utility value
of Ajins...
FRIEND 3: I'M AT THE LIBRARY,
WANNA COME?
I guess it's important to maintain
some level of friendship.
SORRY, I HAVE PREP SCHOOL NOW.
I heard this is an Ajin experiment.
AJIN EXPERIMENT
Ugh, this is awful.
Could this be...?
[Eriko sobbing]
Kei,
why did he have to die?
Mom said he was "defective."
Do you die if you're defective?
[Kei] There was nothing we could do.
He was sick.
[Eriko sobbing]
[Kei] Come to think of it, why do we die?
It's not like we need to.
Who are you?
[voice] It's not... like we...
need to...
[bell rings]
[Kei] It looks like you're doing well.
I'm just not doing terrible.
If I was doing well, I wouldn't be here.
[Kei] Right.
So, what do you want? Aren't you normally
at prep school right now?
[Kei] When we were little,
do you remember burying our dog?
-If there's anything you remem--
-[Eriko chuckles]
I knew it.
You wouldn't be here without a reason.
Have you seen Kai lately?
No, I haven't.
I want to see him again.
-[Kei] Did you get it, Kai?
-[Kai] Yeah, I got it!
[Kei] Wow, it's a saw-tooth stag beetle!
[both laughing]
Kei, give me your cell phone.
[Kei] Why?
[mother] I'm deleting Kaito's information.
ADDRESS BOOK: KAITO
You have to choose your friends carefully
if you want to be an upstanding person.
You used to be so close.
[chuckles] I'm kind of busy lately.
You're going
to be someone upstanding after all.
So, Eri, you really don't remember?
-When we buried the dog--
-It's too long ago to remember.
Why don't you just leave already.
Aren't you busy?
[nurse]
Time for your blood draw, Ms. Nagai.
Oh, they're pretty.
[Eriko] Just throw them out.
[Kei]
Becoming a fine, upstanding human being.
You have to do only what's necessary.
Choose only what's necessary.
[Watanabe] So, I was like-- Oh.
Nagai!
[Kei] Anything unnecessary...
[Watanabe] Uh, Nagai?
[Kei] has to be cast away.
Could that be...?
[Kei grunts and tires screeching]
[all gasp]
[driver] It was a red light.
It was that kid's fault, right?
[man] Was there an accident?
[gasps]
[Kei grunting]
[Kei continues grunting]
[Kei gasping]
No!
-[man 1] An Ajin?
-[man 2] It's an Ajin.
[Watanabe] They really exist.
[Kei] No...
No, this isn't...
I'm not!
This is some kind of mistake!
I'm human!
[Watanabe] Yeah. I believe you.
I mean, we're friends after all.
-[Watanabe] ...a massive bounty...
-Ajin aren't human?
Of course not.
[Kei screaming]
I can't move. [grunting]
I can't move.
[Kei] No.
No.
No!
[police siren wailing]
[woman] It wasn't any ordinary accident.
It was an Ajin.
Can I talk to you for a moment?
Do you know someone named Kei Nagai?
Never heard of him.
What'd he do?
[woman] Apparently, he's an Ajin.
-An Ajin?
-It's true.
I saw him come back to life.
Well, good for him, I guess.
Okay, I just wanted to ask
if you knew him.
Kei.
[panting]
No way. They're already at my house?
Where? Where can I run?
FRIEND 1, 2, 3...
Somebody, anybody.
ALL CONTACTS:
FRIEND 12, 13...
Damn it.
[Kai] Look, Kei!
Kai...
KAITO
[phone buzzing]
Kei, I've been waiting for you.
Kai, I...
What do I do?
Calm down. Where are you now?
I... I'm...
I believe you.
Kei?
You can trust me.
Kai.
[Kei and Kai laughing as kids]
Under the tree
where we found that stag beetle.
I'll be right there.
Kai?
Ajin in sight. Requesting backup.
Hey, wait! Stop!
They're not going to catch me!
No way I'll let them!
[cop] I'm not going to hurt you.
Just come out quietly.
[gunshot, then Kei gasps]
[grunting]
Don't move! Don't you move.
I've apprehended
the Ajin near Tsuki Shrine.
-I repeat, I have the Ajin in custody.
-Ajin?
[cop grunts]
-Kai--
-[Kai] Stop!
No names.
Can you stand?
Time to run.
The Ajin is on the run!
I repeat, the Ajin is on the run!
He seems to have an accomplice.
Requesting roadblocks!
-[Kai] You good?
-Yeah.
[sirens wailing]
[woman on TV]
We are live in front of the Ajin's house.
This is the third Ajin discovery
and fugitive on Japanese soil.
This small town is in an uproar.
I've thought for a long time now
that he didn't seem human.
[Watanabe speaking inaudibly]
AJIN DISCOVERED IN CAR ACCIDENT
THIRD CASE IN JAPAN
[Araki]
Ajin or not, he's still just a kid!
He won't get far.
Hurry up and nab him.
[phone ringing]
Thank you for waiting, I'm Araki
from the Saitama Prefectural Police.
[Tosaki]
You're all underestimating the situation.
But we have plenty
of men conducting the search--
This is a national issue.
Hm.
Every country has seen efforts
to shed light on the Ajins stalled.
You are of course aware
what will happen if Kei Nagai
is captured by another country
due to your negligence?
Double-- No, triple our men!
Do whatever it takes to bring him in!
Kei Nagai, our new Ajin.
I won't let you get away.
I won't let them catch me.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪